Add SLSA tracks blog (#740)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/_posts/2023-03-26-the-breadth-and-depth-of-slsa.md

---
title: The Breadth and Depth of SLSA
author: "Mike Lieberman"
is_guest_post: false
---

> Interested in getting involved? Now’s the chance to [provide your feedback on the foundational v1 release of the SLSA framework.](https://slsa.dev/blog/2023/02/slsa-v1-rc)

Reviewer: nit: use a relative link. (GitHub Pages has a plugin that auto-fixes links to `.md` files.)

```suggestion
Interested in getting involved? Now’s the chance to [provide your feedback on the foundational v1 release of the SLSA framework.](2023-02-24-slsa-v1-rc.md)
```

While the build process is crucial, the SLSA contributors and maintainers recognize that Software Supply Chain Security is a multi-faceted problem that extends beyond this stage. As the framework evolves, it will expand its scope to include other critical aspects of the SDLC, such as secure source code management and dependency ingestion.
For instance, future iterations of SLSA will introduce more stringent requirements for source code management in a **source track** that might include code reviews, vulnerability scanning, and secure coding practices. These measures will ensure that the source code ingested into a build is secure and free of common vulnerabilities. Similarly, SLSA may also explore ways to ensure that dependencies, such as third-party libraries, are following security standards, up-to-date, and free from known security issues in a **dependency track**.

> Ultimately, SLSA aims to create a comprehensive, adaptable framework that addresses critical pieces of Software Supply Chain Security. By starting with the **build track**, SLSA establishes a robust foundation on which to build and expand the framework to address other critical aspects of the SDLC. This approach will help end users, whether they are open source project maintainers, or stakeholders in a corporation better understand and mitigate the risks associated with software supply chains and develop more secure and reliable software.

Reviewer 2: That last sentence never ends! :-) There is at least one comma that's misplaced and I suggest something like this to break the monotonous series of "and".
```suggestion
Ultimately, SLSA aims to create a comprehensive, adaptable framework that addresses critical pieces of Software Supply Chain Security. By starting with the **build track**, SLSA establishes a robust foundation on which to build and expand the framework to address other critical aspects of the SDLC. This approach will help end users, whether they are open source project maintainers or stakeholders in a corporation, better understand and mitigate the risks associated with software supply chains, and ultimately develop more secure and reliable software.
```

Author: Thanks!

> For more information visit the SLSA website, give feedback on the SLSA v1.0 release candidate and get involved with the SLSA community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information visit the SLSA website, [give feedback](https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa/issues) on the [SLSA v1.0 release candidate](https://slsa.dev/spec/v1.0/) and get involved with the SLSA [community](https://slsa.dev/community).
```

> For more information visit the SLSA website, give feedback on the SLSA-v1 release candidate before March 24, 2023, and get involved with the SLSA community.

Reviewer 2: That date is already past so I think we are better off leaving the date out:
```suggestion
For more information visit the SLSA website, give feedback on the SLSA v1.0 release candidate and get involved with the SLSA community.
```
